kernelci.org: add blog post about the Patchwork Integration (#296)
kernelci/kernelci-project: kernelci.org/content/en/blog/posts/2023/patchwork-integration/index.md

---
date: 2023-12-12
title: "Adding Patchwork integration to KernelCI"
linkTitle: "Adding Patchwork integration to KernelCI"
author: Gustavo Padovan
description: >

>   Upcoming Patchwork integration in KernelCI aims helping maintainers reduce their workload, by deferring first line level of checks to KernelCI.

Reviewer: Hi Gustavo,
Thank you for the MR.

Minor suggestion:
```suggestion
  Upcoming Patchwork integration in KernelCI aims to help maintainers reduce their workload, by deferring the first level of checks to KernelCI.
```

Fortunately, we are not starting from scratch, as we already have a few examples of the Patchwork integration with CI in the BPF and netdev subsystems. (see the results for this [patch](https://patchwork.kernel.org/project/netdevbpf/patch/20231206095044.17844-1-duanqiangwen@net-swift.com/) for example).

The big advantage of adding such support in KernelCI is that we can solve the problem for virtually all subsystems at the same time without reinventing and maintaining different CI infra across the board. 

So recently, Nikolay Yurin, a Production Engineer from Meta, started developing the support [patchwork in the KernelCI](https://github.com/getpatchwork/patchwork/issues/557). It is still under heavy development and should reach a point that we can experiment with in early 2024.

> It is very important to put experimental support in place as we still don't know all the challenges we will face with the Patchwork integration, so engaging with the community to gather early feedback will be quite helpful. There are definitely corner cases and considerations that we will find out only when we start experimenting with it. 

Reviewer 2: > started developing the support

I'd rather say suggested a way to implement :) So far I did nothing on patchwork side. However it would worth mentioning this kernelci/kernelci-api#307 and maybe kernelci/kernelci-pipeline#342
